We’re starting with the top text layer
and, in step 1, correct the font.
The font itself used here is actually
correct; it is supposed to be Lato.
However, the font-variant or
weight isn’t what we need.
It needs to be bold.
That’s starting to look more like what we want,
so now let’s make sure we’re using
the entire safe zone for our text box.
That looks good enough for us.
We can now hide the rasterized
layer and the safe zone.
In the next step, let’s repeat the
same for the bottom text layer.
Change the font-weight to bold and make
sure it fills the entire safe zone.
Done.
Now we can disable the bottom
text rasterized and the safe zone.
With the text styles fixed, let’s take
another look at the animations and timings.
As mentioned, pretty much from
the beginning of the video,
the black slider replaces the white background.
It takes a second to come in.
And at the 4-second-mark, the slider goes
away, which again takes a second to complete.
So let’s grab our black slider
layer and make it visible.
Always be sure to hide the mockup layer at the top
again so that you’re looking at the right content.
Our black slider will be on
stage for the full five seconds.
It also needs a slide intro for 1 second from the
top and a slide outro for 1 second to the bottom.
Now let’s take a look.
Pretty good.
However, here we can already see a problem,
the black slider goes in front of the shoe, so
let’s bring our shoe layer above the slider.
This is looking much better.
Next step: The top text.
It’s not immediately visible, so let’s say
it comes in around the half-second mark...
...and is then visible for the entire duration.
And now we enable the fade intro and zoom-in,
and both take probably around 1 second.
Let’s see how this looks.
Pretty good.
The bottom text repeats the
same around 1 second later.
So it should be on stage from 1.5 seconds
with a fade-in and zoom-in for 1 second.
It won’t be on stage for the total duration,
but we don’t know exactly yet how long,
so we’ll just set the fade-out
and fix the timing later.
This is how it looks now.
What next?
We can see that our shoe disappears.
It shouldn’t be doing that.
So let’s set the time on stage
to 5 seconds for our shoe.
And now, let’s fix our glow-version.
Again looking back at the mockup video,
we can see that the shoe starts to glow
pretty much at the same time as the top text.
So it should come in around the 0.5-second mark.
And let’s try a Fade for 1 second.
However, it’s not quite right.
Let’s first change the on-stage end to 5 seconds.
And now recheck the original video.
We can see that the shoe
essentially flickers to life.
How can we recreate that?
The solution is in the animation style.
Instead of the default “Smooth 1”
style, we want to have a “Bounce” there.
Now it looks much better, and we
also apply it to the fade-out.
The bottom text gets a 1-second
duration for the intro animation.
And now this part looks pretty good.
But we’re missing our logo at the end.
Let’s adjust our logo on stage to 0-5 seconds.
But now we have an issue here at the end.
The bottom text isn’t gone yet when the logo is
revealed again, meaning it now overlaps the logo.
We need to adjust the timing of the
bottom text layer to address this.
Let’s try an on-stage end
time of 4.7 instead of 5.
That is pretty good.
Alright, it looks like we have the timings
of all our layers now pretty much down.
Getting these timings right
relies on your own judgment
and maybe a few refinement loops
until you’re happy with the result.
Now there are only a few steps left.
The first one is adding a sound layer
since our mockup video has sound.
The sound files are in the archive file
you’ve been given with all the assets.
We need to add an audio layer and keep it
on stage for the entire video duration.
And now we can upload our audio file for
this first version of the template night.mp3.
That’s done.
So, the video with its animations is done.
It also has sound now.
The last thing for us to address
is to make it actually dynamic.
How do we do that?
In the data tab, we can select
the feed for this template,
and we choose the feed that we’ve
connected in our previous step.
And now, we can go to our
text layers and replace the
static text in them with a dynamic text element.
Click on the <..> button and select the
column by its name from the source feed.
We’re looking for }.
Then repeat the same process for the bottom text,
but here it’s, of course }.
And now we can actually use
the preview function at the
top of the editor to flip through
our different videos or cities.
As you can see, the city
name changes in the video.
And for other countries, the entire
language of the text changes.
Now we should give our template a proper name.
And finally, we can save it.
We have now created our first template,
the version for night or darkness.
However, the remaining two
versions will be much faster now.